Fix wording, punctuation and Markdown for ServiceAccount concept page (#39436)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts.md

trust relationship exists. Depending on how the token was issued
(either time-limited using a `TokenRequest` or using a legacy mechanism with
a Secret), a ServiceAccount token might also have an expiry time, an audience,
and a time after which the token *starts* being valid. When a client that is

> acting as a ServiceAccount tried to communicate with the Kubernetes API server,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
acting as a ServiceAccount tries to communicate with the Kubernetes API server,
```

the client includes an `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header with the HTTP
request. The API server checks the validity of that bearer token as follows:

1. Check the token signature.
1. Check whether the token has expired.
1. Check whether object references in the token claims are currently valid.
1. Check whether the token is currently valid.
1. Check the audience claims.

> The TokenRequest API produces _bound tokens_ for a ServiceAccount. This

Reviewer 2: bound or bounded?

Author: Bound is right - the tokens have been bound to an object. Bounded would mean that they had a defined scope, whereas we're talking about the existence of an object-token binding. Validity of the token is conditional on the continued existence of the object that the token is bound to.

Reviewer 2: OK. I was thinking of the expiry time of the token which is bounded.

binding is linked to the lifetime of the client, such as a Pod, that is acting

> as that ServiceAccount

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as that ServiceAccount.
```

> The TokenRequest API produces _bound tokens_ for a ServiceAccount, and that
> binding is linked to the lifetime of a related object such as a Pod that is
> acting as that ServiceAccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TokenRequest API produces _bound tokens_ for a ServiceAccount. This
binding is linked to the lifetime of the client, such as a Pod, that is acting
as that ServiceAccount
```
